Why does the computer programmer ignore the warning on the cigarette carton? Because he's seen so many warnings he only cares about errors.
What does the computer programmer say to his fellow programmer when he asks him to borrow $1000? I'll give you 1024 to make it even.
How does a network administrator nerd greet people who come to his house? Welcome to 127.0.0.1.
Beware of computer programmers that carry screwdrivers :P
If at first you don't succeed; call it version 1.0
If Python is executable pseudocode, then perl is executable line noise.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
SUPERCOMPUTER: what it sounded like before you bought it.
Windows Vista: It's like upgrading from Bill Clinton to George W. Bush.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
The only problem with troubleshooting is that sometimes trouble shoots back.
Relax, its only ONES and ZEROS !
rm -rf /bin/laden
The great thing about Object Oriented code is that it can make small, simple problems look like large, complex ones.
If brute force doesn't solve your problems, then you aren't using enough.
Unix is user-friendly. It's just very selective about who its friends are.
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
The world is coming to an end... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS !
If you don't want to be replaced by a computer, don't act like one.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Difference between a virus and windows ? Viruses rarely fail.
I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
Any fool can use a computer. Many do.
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
They don't make bugs like Bunny anymore
When someone says: 'I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done', give him a lollipop.
Good design adds value faster than it adds cost.
Python's a drop-in replacement for BASIC in the sense that Optimus Prime is a drop-in replacement for a truck.
Talk is cheap. Show me the code.
Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
